h1. No Hablo

No Hablo is a demo Shopify application that uses micropayments, metafields, and background jobs. It will translate each of your product descriptions to a new language.

This app is meant as a learning tool and not to be used in production. Mostly because it uses Google Translate for the translations and since I only speak English I can't comment on the quality of Google Translate results.

h2. Points of interest

As this app is meant as a learning tool for Shopify developers, here are a few points of interest:

# "login_controller.rb:23":http://github.com/jstorimer/no-hablo/blob/master/app/controllers/login_controller.rb#L23
Here we create a Shop object local to this application when the user logs in for the first time.

# "shop.rb:11":http://github.com/jstorimer/no-hablo/blob/master/app/models/shop.rb#L11
Read the comment for the gist.

# "translation_controller:42":http://github.com/jstorimer/no-hablo/blob/master/app/controllers/translations_controller.rb#L42 and "payment_notification_controller":http://github.com/jstorimer/no-hablo/blob/master/app/controllers/translations_controller.rb
These two pieces together show how to handle the creation of a charge, subsequent redirection to the confirmation and updating of local data.

# "translation.rb:8":http://github.com/jstorimer/no-hablo/blob/master/app/models/translation.rb#L8
This method is called by DJ in a background task. It illustrates how to initialize and de-initialize the API with the shop's site string in a background task.

h2. How to get it started

<pre><code>
git clone git://github.com/jstorimer/no-hablo.git
cd no-hablo
sudo rake gems:install
rake db:migrate
</pre></code>
Go to your "Shopify Partners account":https://app.shopify.com/services/partners/api_clients/ and create a new application.
Stick the new Api Key and Secret into config/shopify.yml
@./script/server@
